Zhaojie(Jack) YANG
Self taught programmer
Small business partner

I moved from France to Canada in 2014, obtained citizenship in 2019. I’m fluent in French, English and Chinese.

As a longtime Tech enthusiast, I’ve been following every turn of development of the tech world, and gained extensive knowledge on various tools. Throughout my career, I’ve many successful integration of these tools into my everyday work, which also made me realize that I’m very suitable to work in cross-sector collaborations, my latest business venture bears witness to it. I firmly believe that my knowledge in the latest technologies, my experiences of running a business and my client relationship skills mastered during my works in finance, will bring great values to your company.

General Skills 

Hardworking 
Fast learning 
Problem solving 
Communication 
Management 
Teamwork 


pptlys@gmail.com
514-690-0524
github.com/pptlys

Work experience 

Manager and business partner 
Les pâtes vivantes Montréal 
10/2018 — 10/2020
The shop is bought inside a new construction, and it’s built from scratch.
I’m in charge of the entire construction project including mezzanine, walls, stairs, ventilation, electricity, gas, plumbing, lighting, equipments and interior decorations. 
I handled the entire process of designs, finance, city’s approvals, constructions, inspections, international importations and equipments setups.
After the construction, I’m in charge of the management tasks such as finance, hiring, taxes, promotions and maintenances.

Financial advisor 
Sunlife Financial 
10/2016 — 09/2018
Holistic advisor, dealing with banking accounts, mortgages, insurance policies, annuities, mutual funds, stocks and bonds.

Financial services representative
CIBC Bank
03/2015 — 09/2016
Full spectrum representative, dealing with personal and business accounts, loans, mortgages, mutual funds.

Educations

University Sorbonne Paris Nord


2007-2009 Master of finance and risk management 

Technical skills 

Programming 

HTML 
CSS
Java Script 
React
Ember
Vue
Svelte 
Angular
Django
Express Web

Softwares

VS Code
Browser Dev Tools 
GitHub 
Virtual Box
ClickUp
Figma

Other knowledge 

Project management 
Agile/Scrum
TDD
Business analysis
SEO

Interests

Artificial Intelligence 
Internet of Things
Blockchain Technology 
Cloud Computing
Mindfulness 
